README.md, before:

# Coding Challenges

## Summary
A collection of coding challenges to be implemented in multiple languages.

## Getting Started

### Hello, World!
It is generally accepted as the first program to write in any language: Hello, World! The goal? Write an application that, when executed, prints out the phrase 'Hello, World!' in the current environment whether it be the command line the browser or anything in between.

Want to take it further? Make 'World' dynamic and accept an argument with which to replace it. Prompt the user for who they would like to greet and take that input and say 'Hello #{whoever}'. And! If they don't enter anything, use 'World' by default.

Happy coding!

## Challenges

### FizzBuzz

FizzBuzz is a common coding challenge that involves branch logic and data type manipulation. The idea is as follows:

Given a range of consecutive integers print the range of integers given the following constraints:

- If the integer is divisible by 3, print 'Fizz' instead of the integer.
- If the integer is divisible by 5, print 'Buzz' instead of the integer.
- If the integer is divisible by 3 and 5, print 'FizzBuzz' instead of the integer.
- If none of the above, simply print the integer.

Implement a program that takes in the user input as the maximum value in the range and outputs the list of numbers-FizzBuzz'ed.

### Is It Prime?

Given an integer, determine whether or not the integer is a prime number (indivisible) by any number but itself.

- Prompt the user for input
- Check that it is an integer
- Determine if it's prime
- Print out 'Prime' or 'Not Prime'

### Valid Parentheses Pairs

Given a string of opening and closing parentheses, write a method that returns the number of parentheses that make up the total number of _valid_, _direct_ pairs. For example:

"())" => 2
"()())" => 4
"(()())" => 4
")(((" => 0
"" => 0

Commit message:

Adds smallest number of coins challenge to README

README.md, after:

# Coding Challenges

## Summary
A collection of coding challenges to be implemented in multiple languages.

## Getting Started

### Hello, World!
It is generally accepted as the first program to write in any language: Hello, World! The goal? Write an application that, when executed, prints out the phrase 'Hello, World!' in the current environment whether it be the command line the browser or anything in between.

Want to take it further? Make 'World' dynamic and accept an argument with which to replace it. Prompt the user for who they would like to greet and take that input and say 'Hello #{whoever}'. And! If they don't enter anything, use 'World' by default.

Happy coding!

## Challenges

### FizzBuzz

FizzBuzz is a common coding challenge that involves branch logic and data type manipulation. The idea is as follows:

Given a range of consecutive integers print the range of integers given the following constraints:

- If the integer is divisible by 3, print 'Fizz' instead of the integer.
- If the integer is divisible by 5, print 'Buzz' instead of the integer.
- If the integer is divisible by 3 and 5, print 'FizzBuzz' instead of the integer.
- If none of the above, simply print the integer.

Implement a program that takes in the user input as the maximum value in the range and outputs the list of numbers-FizzBuzz'ed.

### Is It Prime?

Given an integer, determine whether or not the integer is a prime number (indivisible) by any number but itself.

- Prompt the user for input
- Check that it is an integer
- Determine if it's prime
- Print out 'Prime' or 'Not Prime'

### Smallest Change Combination

Given a string that is a dollar/cents value (ex: "1.25"), find the smallest number of coins that combined make up the total provided. For example:

Given "1.25", output => {quarters: 5} (correct)
Given "1.25", output => {dimes: 10, nickels: 1} (incorrect)
Given "1.26", output => {quarters: 5, pennies: 1} (correct)


### Valid Parentheses Pairs

Given a string of opening and closing parentheses, write a method that returns the number of parentheses that make up the total number of _valid_, _direct_ pairs. For example:

"())" => 2
"()())" => 4
"(()())" => 4
")(((" => 0
"" => 0
